welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead season 11 new trailer
breakdown
that's right season 11 the final season
of the walking dead premieres in just a
few short weeks august 22nd and the
first episode drops a week early august
15th on amc plus so make sure you sign
up for that i got a link in the
description right there
what is it bad memories
of what so here we have negan and father
gabriel trapped into small space by a
bunch of walkers this situation is very
similar to the beginning of season 8
when these two were also trapped
together is that the bad memory negan's
thinking about maybe
alexandra is our home
what we have it's rare
where are our characters here this seems
like a massive underground place
i'm kind of getting like subway tunnel
vibes
if we live we live for them
we gotta get through this together
father gabriel's voice over here sounds
like he's giving the pep talk before
going on some sort of suicide mission if
i had to guess that's what the sneaking
through the subway tunnels is all about
if we die we die for them but in these
clips they're fighting a bunch of
walkers in the ruins of hilltop
remember it was destroyed by the
whisperers in season 10. looks like our
group goes there to try to take it back
and of course the big moment here
somebody getting bit i've seen theories
analyzing this arm people say oh that's
daryl's arm look at the shirt he's
wearing but basically everyone is
wearing dirty faded gray clothing and to
my eye daryl's knife is bigger than this
i've seen some theories that the arm is
errands and look at this knife lydia's
handing him i mean that might match he
could have his jacket roll down here to
hide the bite though it would be
hilarious if he loses his other arm so
if i had to guess this is just a random
extra
the zombies carroll's fighting seem to
be all dressed in military fatigues and
that sure looks like the tail of a
helicopter so seems like they're in an
old military
base the other big moment here is negan
pulling maggie back remember maggie
hates negan
obviously for killing glenn and she
missed his whole redemption arc but
looks like eventually they work together
this season get into a bad situation
where maggie wants to save someone but
negan's like hey you can't
do you want to talk about it
we need to start thinking about other
options then we're off to magna connie
and kelly remember connie got trapped in
the mines in the middle of season 10 at
the very end of the season we saw she
finally made it out but the rest of the
group hasn't met up with her yet and we
know kelly is on a mission to find her
sister it looks like she found her
notebook where it said she was trapped
and connie's still kicking so hopefully
they reunite
oh he's andrew now we get our first look
at eugene and the booty call crew who
were captured by the stormtroopers last
season yeah we know that's the
commonwealth now i'm interested to see
how long will they be prisoners is the
commonwealth a good group or are they
just pretending to be good or are they
not even gonna pretend
we get some answers actually at the end
of the trailer this shot here of aaron
carol and lydia they make it seem like
they're at the commonwealth but actually
i'm not sure if they're in the same
place to me this sort of looks like it
could be the entrance to subway tunnels
so i think these guys are going on that
mission and the commonwealth is sort of
a fake out
everything we have
some more zombie fighting shots here
looks like more military guys and more
of the hilltop one thing to note though
maggie's new friend the cool masked
ninja guy
remember from the bonus episodes of
season 10 we know his identity he's
elijah
so you're leaving to fight ghosts
this is a path you don't want to go down
i've done worse
these people they want stuff
oh man here is our first look at the
reapers they're all in black hoodies
with scary masks you know just like the
grim reaper
in fact let's go back to maggie's new
friend elijah who's wearing kind of the
same outfit
is that why he wears a mask was he a
reaper that turned to the good side he
is wearing a white hoodie instead of a
black one aaron says you're leaving to
fight ghosts by ghosts i assume he means
the reapers and going back earlier in
the trailer when daryl says i don't
leave anyone behind not ever it sort of
makes me think if you put those two
together someone is captured by the
reapers and that's why our group's going
on a stealth mission to save them
in fact is it connie is that where she
is at the reaper base we'll find out
one character though you know daryl's
gotta save is dog oh a reaper's got him
daryl's about to go all john wick on
this guy
some more sweet zombie fighting shots
but now who is this captured that looks
like he's being held by the reapers so
yes sticking with my someone is captured
by them theory
that is what's out there
don't be scared i'm not the shot here
they put the audio of the dog whimper no
if dog gets hurt we riot
this fire in a wooden shed i think that
might be connie's feet remember she was
up against a wooden wall here though
seems like connie's next to a metal
prison door maybe she was in the wood
shack now she's in the metal cell this
knife though with the jagged edges we
know that's daryl's so he's coming here
to rescue her
a bunch of quick shots first we got the
orange commonwealth captain and we can
see here it looks like a nice sunny
place where they've got a banner up so i
imagine it's kind of a well-organized
community a lot like woodbury with the
governor from back in the day i bet it's
like putting on a friendly face but then
you know secretly devious then daryl
standing outside of a burning building
with a bunch of people looking at him i
bet you that's the wooden shed connie
was in where we saw the fire he just
rescued her but now the reapers have him
god isn't here anymore
this is a death march
and you are the damn pied piper the
paranoid
but i'm right okay first crawling
zombies terrifying never want to see
those again this voice over here about
the death march i can't tell who that is
let me know in the comments if you guys
do but whoever it is sounds like he's
complaining about the suicide mission
that the group's going on this location
with someone strung up by their feet
must be their reaper base that's a mask
right there and where is this place we
got the smoke stack it's some sort of
abandoned factory maybe then maggie in a
subway train yeah they're definitely
going down to the old subway tunnels
i lost something and i don't think it's
a bad thing that it did
this section focuses on maggie where is
she an abandoned mall of some kind is
this a flashback to where she was before
she joined the group or do they go there
now
i did what needed to be done you
destroyed everything that we built
then it's negan's voice over trying to
defend his actions of going undercover
with the whispers to kill alpha but the
showing the devastation at hilltop that
he helped cause that was maggie's home
before she left we know she's gonna be
mad at him for that too
here we've got little judith training
the other kids how to use swords we're
fighting walkers at alexandria too
remember the whispers got in there at
the end of season 10 and generally wreck
the place
the only way this works is if we trust
each other
so what do you say
[Music]
if you say trust him i'll trust him
yeah they're building up the maggie
negan confrontation here negan's like
hey we gotta trust each other but is she
going to
now we have daryl talking about trusting
someone is he also talking about negan i
mean probably
but i have a theory he's not talking to
maggie here i think he's talking to
lydia
yes lydia and negan doing a sweet
team-up walker kill here she was also an
outsider of the group and so these two
bonded remember yeah he's her uncle
negan lydia and daryl are also good
friends so it could be her word that
finally convinces him vegan's
trustworthy the woman who left
is not the one standing here now so keep
pushing me
please oh yeah maggie laying the law
down though
she is probably never going to fully
forgive negan though they might have to
work together sounds like in the year
she's been away she's had to become an
even tougher survivor
wearing the whisperer mask here i don't
know why
hello i'm lance hornsby welcome to the
commonwealth
and then here it is the after credit
scene i admit i totally skipped it the
first time we got a nice
90s style vhs welcome video that does
make the commonwealth seem like a nice
happy place but of course the tense
moment at the end where our group's a
prisoner implies that yeah there's the
shady underbelly one thing of note
though they've got a train station here
so is that where our group's going maybe
they are going through the tunnels to
the commonwealth might be two separate
missions they go on in the first part of
the season here one against the reapers
one to the commonwealth plus we've got
the taking back of hilltop
these are going to be some action-packed
first eight episodes season 11 starts
august 22nd
and a week early august 15th on amc plus
link in the description sign up for that
now
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member